Hurry up hurry up
Big and powerful
Dad
Please come.
What time is it?
It seems that the time should be coming soon.
Family is here
Miss Wanqiu is back
Xiao Chen Wanqiu
You are here
Li Mingqiang
I remember the last time we were here
That little table I made
Don't mention what's already in the past
Are you the master today?
Yes or no?
Grandpa, there are too many of us.
Can't sit at a table
Why take Tianhao to make a small table?
Dad, you're crazy
Let you go, you go
So much nonsense fast
Voila!
Look, I didn't expect you to call you filial
Such a good man
Xiao Chen
I didn't expect you to be the boss behind the scenes
Our entry agreement this time?
It's all your fault.
come
In the future, let's take a vacation.
Waited a year
Grandpa toasts you
Come on, old man
I feel like you have misunderstood a little bit.
Sadness is not a problem